well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about choice life some statistics we're
gonna give you some real information
here about the topic that is dominating
the headlines there's a lot of
information out there that is just plain
false and we're gonna go through it you
will not really find out my personal
opinion on this at this point mainly
because it's irrelevant okay but before
we can get into the statistics and all
that stuff and the truth of behind the
matter we have to address that other
issue because it's the u.s. we have to
address the religious issue so okay
friends I'd like you to join me open
your Bible to numbers chapter 5 verse 15
start reading yeah that is the
description of an abortion in the Bible
the reason there's an abortion in the
Bible is because the man the husband
believed the wife cheated on him
if infidelity is a just reason certainly
rape and incest are just a thought
though this is the problem going to a
church they give sermons where they just
jump around in the Bible and they never
actually read the whole thing you miss
out on some pretty important things and
you may walk away thinking something is
true that isn't okay now let's talk
about heartbeats you know six weeks okay
the ventricles don't form until 16 weeks
may be heartbeat and the heartbeat law
isn't what you think it is you might
want to look into that at that point at
6 weeks the size of the embryo is about
the size of a sweet pea so 1/3 the size
of a Florida mosquito give you a
statistic here I really want you to
remember 97 percent of abortions occur
before 20 weeks or at 20 weeks or before
97 percent remember that number 20 weeks
97% okay so some of the arguments that
we hear against this is that well
actions have consequences they do they
certainly do but this isn't a natural
consequence anymore
it's a manufactured one it's not a
consequence of punishment the
legislature has removed the ability to
deal with this so it's not actually a
consequence anymore this would be very
similar to you know in the old days if
you cut off your hand will you just cut
off your hand today we have the ability
to reattach it well legislature thinks
you need to be more careful with your
sawzall so they pass a law saying the
doctor can't reattach it oh it's just a
consequence no it's a punishment okay
well you knew it was a possibility and
you know a car accidents a possibility
when you get in a car um and this seems
to be something that people don't
understand consent for sex is not
consent to carry a child that is
evidenced by it by the number of
abortions there are consent is a very
simple concept but apparently we're
losing it in this country we don't
understand it okay this is where we're
under the idea that women are using this
as birth control you know when you go in
for an abortion they they actually ask
you know how many of you had 8% they
have had three or more 92% at zero one
or two
so that really isn't happening and not
to the degree that people seem to
believe it is it's not a thing well
convenience abortions are 99 percent of
all that's true that is true but the
devil is in the details
how is convenience defined basically one
percent of abortions save a life
everything else is convenience so if the
child would be born with a horrible
defect and spend its two-week life in
incredible pain
convenience definitions matter well
we've got an abortion pandemic where
we're just going crazy
okay 2017 there were eight hundred
seventy nine thousand abortions seems
like a big number doesn't seem like a
big number when you think that in 2015
there were nine hundred and three
thousand and in 2014 there were nine
hundred twenty-six thousand and in 2011
there were 1.0 six million and in 2008
there were 1.2 1 million that's right
the numbers are going down why because
the Internet has allowed young people to
get such sex education in states that
only teach abstinence or don't offer it
education that's important okay so can
you screen a child at six weeks to find
out about defects that are gonna occur
no you can't know when that happens the
first round the one that tells you
whether or not the chance is there at
the big chance that happens at 11 to 13
weeks at fifteen to twenty weeks there's
that number well that's when you find
out for sure it's when you find out if
that it was spina bifida or downs or
whatever ninety seven percent of
abortions occur twenty weeks or before
it's almost like there's a reason for it
okay now the other idea that's out there
is that this is all just young people
running around hot rodding in their cars
and making out in the backseat right
it's not true either thirty one percent
of abortions are for women over the age
of thirty crazy crazy
and in fact if you would add 25 to 29
well that's another twenty seven point
six percent so twenty five and older
that's more than half
it's not what you think it is the top
three reasons for having an abortion not
ready those are young people second one
is not having the money can't afford it
it's almost like poverty plays into this
a whole lot we don't want to address
poverty though we just want to legislate
you know abortion uh punish people and
then the third reason is they're done
having kids that's right
you know those good mothers that
actually had their children
that's 59% a woman who have an abortion
59% already have kids the stigma that is
created in the propaganda it's just not
true it's just not true now the other
thing that pops up a lot as well see why
my tax dollars should pay for this my
federal tax dollars are going to this no
they're not
Hammond since 1976 when the Hyde
Amendment was passed but my Republican
congressman said were funding Planned
Parenthood oh well they probably did
because Planned Parenthood does a whole
lot more than abortion federal tax
dollars do not go to pay for abortions
they don't but if that's really an issue
my evangelical friends you ready to cut
off aid to Israel because state
assistance for abortions
oh that's widely available they're
widely available so all the money we
give them an aid well if that enables
them to pay for that you're ready to do
that now you just want to punish the
people you can look down on here you
don't actually care about the actual
issue now here's an interesting stat
abortion rates are three times higher
among people who receive Medicaid almost
like it has to do with poverty poverty
is a lack of cash it's not like a
character
this is this this is why this is
happening it has to do with money has to
do with the society we have but we don't
want to address any actual issue we want
a magic bullet because we're the u.s. we
don't actually want to have to think
about it and come up with any kind of
real solution well we'll just pass a law
great it's not going to change anything
now the real issue when it comes down to
all of this is bodily autonomy and then
that's where all of this really lies now
I did that little short video earlier in
any time I do something like that just
so you know I'm researching I need to
know who I'm talking to I need to know
what the real objections are sorry the
comments lotta men saying well men don't
get a choice
you're right it's not your body that's
how that works bodily economy it is not
your body but but I have to pay for
child support fantastic job ik waiting
women to property right there that's
brilliant
your cash is the same as her body are
you insane that's not how that works
that isn't how that works guys but
that's what this whole issue stems from
treating women as property because we
got to keep them in their place right I
was going to write all of this up in an
article but then I remembered you know
there's a lot of numbers and facts and
statistics in this and Alabama's 50th in
education kind of seemed pointless at
that point but there is the hot debate
right now about whether people like me
should continue to do workshops and
events I will tell you the Dothan
workshop it was aborted we're gonna take
it to another state it's what you want
us to do right so the real question here
isn't any of this it's you know when
does life exist alright no it's not it's
when does life exist and the rights of
that new life trump the rights of the
woman that's the real question because
that's how you have to measure society
by ethics not your morals not your
religion but when is it okay to put a
gun to a woman's head and say this is
what you're gonna do with your body
that's the question you have to answer
now I have my opinion what's yours
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night